US/README.md, before:

# United States

## New York

A few things about the New York City:

1. Coupons everywhere. You should take advantage of this.
1. Never tell anybody that you stopped in New Jersey, even though
   it might be 1.5x cheaper.
1. Clam chowder is a thing. Lobsters is a thing. Irish pubs is a
   thing. And of course, steak houses is a huge thing.
1. You can order delivery of anything. Amazon is a big player but
   it's far from being the only player on this market.
1. "Recipe delivery" is a thing. Hello Fresh, Green Chef, Sun
   Basket. Take all of them and enjoy discounts for new
   customers. The problem is the last step in chain: FedEx.
1. Eggnog is a thing.
1. You can walk a few blocks and bump into a park. And you can
   just find a spot, sit there and never get interrupted by
   anything other than loud voices and
   [sirens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQl9q88l95M).
1. Japanese food is low-tier here. Only walk into an asian food
   restaurant if you're short on cash or dressed like you're
   eternally short on cash.
1. Old Navy is a thing. No need to take tons of clothes with you.
   In just $100, you can dress up for any season. Funny enough,
   "cheap fashion" stores are getting less popular among New
   Yorkers, but still there's always thousands of tourists whom
   you'll meet there way more likely.
1. Cheesecake is a thing. Only order cheesecake for dessert
   everywhere.
1. People with carts on the streets.
1. Helicopters over the NYC 24/7.
1. 1-layer toilet paper, septic-friendly.
1. Legendary service. You can complain at almost anything.
1. Ale > lager beer. You'll more likely be offered with IPA.
1. Take C subway line to meet a bunch of musicians around 5x and
   4x streets.
1. Deli stores that serve hot sandwiches breakfast. You need to
   get used to, but when you do, they are delicious.
1. Campbell's, Goya and other canned foods. Not recommended
   though.
1. Shower is built into the wall. Everywhere.
1. "Debit or credit?" when you hand a plastic card to cashier.
1. Faucet handles turn just 90º from 0 to 100% water output.
1. It's most likely to see a basketball field anywhere than any
   other kind of field. Next most likely is baseball field. Vice
   versa in Central Park.
1. "Do you need a bag?" for every purchase, even if it's a book
   of matches.
1. Hybrid-electric buses that emit virtually no exhaust, or at
   least it's so clean it's hard to feel in the air.
1. It's likely you'll live in an apartment with squeaky floors,
   paint splitting off the walls, and relatively old interiors.
   It might be unbearable for a European apartment (which is odd,
   because it might be twice as old), but it seems fine in low-tier
   apartments in New York.

### Brooklyn

> Warning! I've been in Brooklyn in winter, so no surprise
> first impression wasn't great.

Brooklyn is told to be more hipster and creative than Manhattan,
which is more inclined towards business and capital. Truth is,
there's just less money in Brooklyn. It reflects into the quality
of restaurants and generally into what you see around.

Brooklyn has less noise from sirens but more noise from airplanes
and trains.

Brooklyn is more spacious, and it's easier to find a seat at a
restaurant within 3 minutes worth walking distance. Almost at any
time, no matter where are you, there is likely going to be a free
table for three at the first restaurant you stop by.

Subway trains are always stuffed. Subway lines are sparse and
stations are relatively farther away from each other, as compared
to those on Manhattan.

Atlantic Ave train station is good below the surface.

River edge around Manhattan bridge is nice.

Commit message:

firgot to take notes about arrival

US/README.md, after:

# United States

## Arrival

Upon arrival, in the plane, you are given with a blank form that
you have to fill in with data and later give to the officer. The
idea is to make sure you don't bring dangerous stuff. To make
things easier, you

- should not bring food; just throw away all the perishable
  stuff, food included, when you are packing your bag,
- better not enter the US after being anywhere in tropics or even
  closer to equator, to avoid being considered a bearer of a
  virus or other contagious stuff,
- be careful with drugs you possess, especially ones you might
  have purchased in another country without doctor's
  prescription. A little pack of antibiotic pills or emulsion is
  good though.

## New York

A few things about the New York City:

1. Coupons everywhere. You should take advantage of this.
1. Never tell anybody that you stopped in New Jersey, even though
   it might be 1.5x cheaper.
1. Clam chowder is a thing. Lobsters is a thing. Irish pubs is a
   thing. And of course, steak houses is a huge thing.
1. You can order delivery of anything. Amazon is a big player but
   it's far from being the only player on this market.
1. "Recipe delivery" is a thing. Hello Fresh, Green Chef, Sun
   Basket. Take all of them and enjoy discounts for new
   customers. The problem is the last step in chain: FedEx.
1. Eggnog is a thing.
1. You can walk a few blocks and bump into a park. And you can
   just find a spot, sit there and never get interrupted by
   anything other than loud voices and
   [sirens](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQl9q88l95M).
1. Japanese food is low-tier here. Only walk into an asian food
   restaurant if you're short on cash or dressed like you're
   eternally short on cash.
1. Old Navy is a thing. No need to take tons of clothes with you.
   In just $100, you can dress up for any season. Funny enough,
   "cheap fashion" stores are getting less popular among New
   Yorkers, but still there's always thousands of tourists whom
   you'll meet there way more likely.
1. Cheesecake is a thing. Only order cheesecake for dessert
   everywhere.
1. People with carts on the streets.
1. Helicopters over the NYC 24/7.
1. 1-layer toilet paper, septic-friendly.
1. Legendary service. You can complain at almost anything.
1. Ale > lager beer. You'll more likely be offered with IPA.
1. Take C subway line to meet a bunch of musicians around 5x and
   4x streets.
1. Deli stores that serve hot sandwiches breakfast. You need to
   get used to, but when you do, they are delicious.
1. Campbell's, Goya and other canned foods. Not recommended
   though.
1. Shower is built into the wall. Everywhere.
1. "Debit or credit?" when you hand a plastic card to cashier.
1. Faucet handles turn just 90º from 0 to 100% water output.
1. It's most likely to see a basketball field anywhere than any
   other kind of field. Next most likely is baseball field. Vice
   versa in Central Park.
1. "Do you need a bag?" for every purchase, even if it's a book
   of matches.
1. Hybrid-electric buses that emit virtually no exhaust, or at
   least it's so clean it's hard to feel in the air.
1. It's likely you'll live in an apartment with squeaky floors,
   paint splitting off the walls, and relatively old interiors.
   It might be unbearable for a European apartment (which is odd,
   because it might be twice as old), but it seems fine in low-tier
   apartments in New York.

### Brooklyn

> Warning! I've been in Brooklyn in winter, so no surprise
> first impression wasn't great.

Brooklyn is told to be more hipster and creative than Manhattan,
which is more inclined towards business and capital. Truth is,
there's just less money in Brooklyn. It reflects into the quality
of restaurants and generally into what you see around.

Brooklyn has less noise from sirens but more noise from airplanes
and trains.

Brooklyn is more spacious, and it's easier to find a seat at a
restaurant within 3 minutes worth walking distance. Almost at any
time, no matter where are you, there is likely going to be a free
table for three at the first restaurant you stop by.

Subway trains are always stuffed. Subway lines are sparse and
stations are relatively farther away from each other, as compared
to those on Manhattan.

Atlantic Ave train station is good below the surface.

River edge around Manhattan bridge is nice.
