# Lisbon

## Mobile phone

SIM card (Vodafone) with 30 GB internet for 2 weeks would cost
€20, +€30 every next month for 30 GB per month more.

## Transport

Über from Airport to almost any point in the city would cost
about €9, Über Black would be about €20. The latter will most
likely be Mercedes E-class. In Lisbon, they don't have XL or SUV,
and Black are quite small (even though really expensive cars), so
if you have half a dozen suitcases, you're in trouble. Expect
small cars, small trunks.

## Food delivery

Among international deliveries, there's Domino's pizza, which is
pretty much like in [the NYC](../new-york). Probably just even
this one.

Food delivery usually works split days, from late morning until
afternoon (10pm to 2–3pm) and then in the evening (6pm to 10pm).

Most food deliveries require phone calls, and since most people
in Lisbon don't speak English, you may want to learn a few
phrases in Portuguese.

To find a food delivery in Google, one does not simply look up
"food delivery Lisbon". Instead, it should be "entrega de
alimentos em Lisboa". The latter has greater chance to yield
proper results.

Delivery food is just okay, just like everywhere. It's rarely of
poor quality (like, for example, Chinese delivery in New York),
but it's presumably never of great quality either.

## Breakfast

The easiest option we could find is to have fruit and cookies for
breakfast.  Every visit to grocery store and fruit and vegetables
store would cost about €20 on average (after a few months in [New
York](../new-york), it feels _so cheap_).

## Coffee

Coffee is below any expectations (but not as bad as
[Greek](../crete)). Take tea.

## Lunch and dinner

For lunch and dinner, go to a restaurant. In Lisbon, there are
good restaurants, bad restaurants, and restaurants at hotels. The
latter are the safest option: food is always good, service is
good, however it may be overpriced sometimes. Bad restaurants are
usually empty, but when crowded, the audience is mostly tourists.
It's hard to detect at once, of course. So, only trial and error
(and reviews on Google Maps).

It is almost impossible to find a restaurant that would serve
food away. If you ask for a box to take your food home, you'll
likely not get one.

Most restaurants have European style schedule: either open at
evening or close after midday. Adjust for it. Google Maps will
help.

Oftentimes you'll need cash to pay for your food.

You'll likely be offered with extra plates to share food. It's
considered normal, even though portion sizes aren't large
oftentimes. For three persons, it's typical to order 3–4 plates
and share them.

Sometimes the kitchen would be open, but not all positions in
menu would be available. Waiters know that and will tell at the
same moment they give you a menu.

Choose fish over other options.
