# Portugal

In Portugal, it's hard to find a person who speaks fluent
English. Elders don't understand English at all. You need to
learn basic phrases in Portuguese to get some food.

## Lisbon

### Mobile phone

SIM card (Vodafone) with 30 GB internet for 2 weeks would cost
€20, +€30 every next month for 30 GB per month more.

### Taxi

Über from Airport to almost any point in the city would cost
about €9, Über Black would be about €20. The latter will most
likely be Mercedes E-class. In Lisbon, they don't have XL or SUV,
and Black are quite small (even though really expensive cars), so
if you have half a dozen suitcases, you're in trouble. Expect
small cars, small trunks.

### Breakfast

The easiest option we could find is to have fruit and cookies for
breakfast.  Every visit to grocery store and fruit and vegetables
store would cost about €20 on average (after a few months in [New
York](../new-york), it feels _so cheap_).

### Lunch and dinner

For lunch and dinner, go to a restaurant. In Lisbon, there are
good restaurants, bad restaurants, and restaurants at hotels. The
latter are the safest option: food is always good, service is
good, however it may be overpriced sometimes. Bad restaurants are
usually empty, but when crowded, the audience is mostly tourists.
It's hard to detect at once, of course. So, only trial and error
(and reviews on Google Maps).

It is almost impossible to find a restaurant that would serve
food away. If you ask for a box to take your food home, you'll
likely not get one.

Most restaurants have European style schedule: either open at
evening or close after midday. Adjust for it. Google Maps will
help.

Sometimes you'll need cash to pay for your food.
